docs:Troubleshooting note on stale pricing data (#2503)
aws/karpenter: website/content/en/preview/troubleshooting.md

      karpenter.sh/discovery: karpenter-demo
  ttlSecondsAfterEmpty: 30
```
## Stale pricing data on isolated subnet

The following pricing-related error occurs if you are running Karpenter in an isolated private subnet (no Internet egress via IGW or NAT gateways):

```text
ERROR   controller.aws.pricing  updating on-demand pricing, RequestError: send request failed
caused by: Post "https://api.pricing.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/": dial tcp 52.94.231.236:443: i/o timeout; RequestError: send request failed
caused by: Post "https://api.pricing.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/": dial tcp 52.94.231.236:443: i/o timeout, using existing pricing data from 2022-08-17T00:19:52Z  {"commit": "4b5f953"}
```

> This network timeout from there being no VPC endpoint available for the [Price List Query API.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/using-pelong.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This network timeout occurs because there is no VPC endpoint available for the [Price List Query API.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/using-pelong.html).
```

Author: Fixed.

      karpenter.sh/discovery: karpenter-demo
  ttlSecondsAfterEmpty: 30
```
## Stale pricing data on isolated subnet

The following pricing-related error occurs if you are running Karpenter in an isolated private subnet (no Internet egress via IGW or NAT gateways):

```text
ERROR   controller.aws.pricing  updating on-demand pricing, RequestError: send request failed
caused by: Post "https://api.pricing.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/": dial tcp 52.94.231.236:443: i/o timeout; RequestError: send request failed
caused by: Post "https://api.pricing.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/": dial tcp 52.94.231.236:443: i/o timeout, using existing pricing data from 2022-08-17T00:19:52Z  {"commit": "4b5f953"}
```

> This comes from there being no VPC endpoint available for the [Price List Query API.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/using-pelong.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This network timeout comes from there being no VPC endpoint available for the [Price List Query API.](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/awsaccountbilling/latest/aboutv2/using-pelong.html).
```

Author: Done.

> The result is that pricing data doesn't get updated and goes stale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To workaround this issue, Karpenter ships updated on-demand pricing data as part of the Karpenter binary; however, this means that pricing data will only be updated on Karpenter version upgrades.
```

Author: Nice. Great information.

> There is currently no workaround.

Reviewer: I'd remove this since there is a workaround, that is that we are giving static pricing data at start-up.

Author: Done.
